An update on the new course wizard (#113)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/posts/publish-teacher-training-courses/2020-02-15-new-course-wizard-available.md

---

> title: The new course wizard is available for accredited bodies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: New course wizard as launched for accredited bodies
```

description: The new course wizard is now available to accredited bodies.  
date: 2020-02-15
---
Development of the new course wizard began in September 2019 and was made available to accredited bodies in mid-February 2020.

## Access for accredited bodies

Accredited bodies are able to access the new course wizard from the [Courses page](https://www.qa.publish-teacher-training-courses.service.gov.uk/organisations/T92/2020/courses).

> ## Access for school directs
> 
> Access to the wizard is yet been provided to school directs.
> 
> ## Why the wizard is not yet available to all users
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why the wizard is not yet available to school directs

```

> School directs will not receive access to the new course wizard until Publish can automatically notify them that a course they accredited has been created. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
School directs will not receive access to the new course wizard until Publish can automatically notify their accredited body that a course has been created. 
```

> An accredited body needs to be notified immediately when courses they accredit are created so they can maintain accurate data in their record systems. This was highlighted in [Accredited bodies research - Reporting round 2](publish-teacher-training-courses/accredited-bodies-research-round-2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An accredited body needs to be notified immediately so they can maintain accurate data in their record systems. This was highlighted in [Accredited bodies research - Reporting round 2](publish-teacher-training-courses/accredited-bodies-research-round-2).
```

 
Publish will shortly [provide these notifications](https://bat-design-history.netlify.com/publish-teacher-training-courses/notifications-mvp) to ensure this need is met. Once notifications are enabled all users will have access to the wizard.

## Course creation for school directs

All school direct users are required to [submit a google form](/publish-teacher-training-courses/new-course-google-form) to request a new course. 

> After recieving the request, DfE support creates the course manually and notifies both the school direct and associated accredited body via email of the new course’s availability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After receiving the request, DfE support creates the course manually and notifies both the school direct and associated accredited body via email of the new course’s availability.
```
